Acts 2:42-47

The Fellowship of the Believers
42 The believers learnt from the apostles commitedly, through breaking of bread, they remember Jesus, they gave thanks for their food and ate together, they prayed constantly.

The believers are devoted to the apostles' teachings, the fellowship, the breaking of bread, and prayer.
1) Apostles' teachings: Teachings about Jesus
2) Fellowship: Encouraging one another, sharing life with one another
3) Breaking of Bread: Remember Jesus' death, give thanks for the food and having meals together. Having time to elebrate the Lord's supper and remember his death.
Luke 22:14-20 - When the hour came, Jesus and his apostles reclined at the table. And he said to them, “I have eagerly desired to eat this Passover with you before I suffer. For I tell you, I will not eat it again until it finds fulfillment in the kingdom of God.”
After taking the cup, he gave thanks and said, “Take this and divide it among you. For I tell you I will not drink again from the fruit of the vine until the kingdom of God comes.”
And he took bread, gave thanks and broke it, and gave it to them, saying, “This is my body given for you; do this in remembrance of me.”
In the same way, after the supper he took the cup, saying, “This cup is the new covenant in my blood, which is poured out for you.
4) Prayer: Speaking to God. Prayer is inclusive of Thanksgiving, Praise, Confession and Requests.

43 The believers were amazed by the wonders and signs performed by the apostles
Awe: Respect, reverence to God
The believers saw God's presence through the miraculous signs done by the apostles.
44 The believers shared everything with one another and were aligned in heart and mind. (Acts 4:32)
45 They gave up what they had to give to the needy. 

Matt 19:21 - Jesus answered, “If you want to be perfect, go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. Then come, follow me.”
Luke 12:33 - Sell your possessions and give to the poor.
Luke 18:22 - When Jesus heard this, he said to him, “You still lack one thing. Sell everything you have and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. Then come, follow me.”
Acts 4:34 - that there were no needy persons among them. For from time to time those who owned land or houses sold them, brought the money from the sales

46 The believers went to the temple courts every day to learn about Jesus.
They broke bread in their homes - each others' homes. They were glad and had sincere hearts. They come to the fellowship with sincere hearts and not dread.
47 They praised God and enjoyed the favor of each other and grew in numbers daily. 

Enjoy the favor of all the people: They were treated well and were showed grace and kindness among one another.

The Lord added to their number daily those who were being saved.

Shows us a picture of how God's people should live together and what they should do. In the new life, we must have relationship not only with God but with each other. We live together with other believers and help one another.

Beautiful picture of what a church looks like.
* Pick out the descriptive words.

2 parts
v42,43 & 47
1) The believers keep learning and keep remembering Jesus' death for them.
2) Fellowship
3) They pray, praise and thank God

v44-46
1) New relationship with each other. (incl v42)
2) Believers are united, they learn together, eat together, remember together, pray together, spend time and care for each other, share their houses and possessions with each other. Provide practical help, not just say I pray for you, but brought tangible help.
3) Jesus added numbers to their groups.

What needs to change so that your church has the same priorities as the first church in the bible?

What are the things that the first church had that we are lacking in? How can we, by looking at what the bible says the church is, make adjustments to our lives?

What can we learn from the first church so that we can live as God's people.

Fellowship is a biblical thing to do. 
It's not just about learning about God, it's also about fellowship and the community.