Pentecost - 50 days after the Passover

Part 1: The Holy Spirit came and all the people gathered together. God's promise was fulfilled when he gathered them together.

	In the Old Testament, wind and fire are signs of God.

	"tongues" in verse 4 refers to "languages". They are not speaking gibberish but speaking human languages of other nations.

	Ezekiel  36:24-32
	v1: I will take you out of the nations; I will gather you from all the countries and bring you back into your own land --> Acts 2:6-11

Part 2a: Peter Addresses the Crowd
	1) The people are not drunk
	2) Prophet Joel 
	Why did Peter quote the prophesies?
	- Because the people believe in the prophesies of the old testament
	- Because Peter wants to tell them the promise of God
	The spirit is important because it helps people to obey God.
	v21: And everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved

Part 2b: v22-41
	Jesus was part of God's plan.
	v27: Because you will not abandon me to the realm of the dead
	Jesus: Lord and Messiah. Messiah = Chosen one - Savior
	Through Jesus, God's promise is being fulfilled. Because of Jesus' death and resurrection.
	Luke concluded in v36: Therefore let all Israel be assured of this: God has made this Jesus, whom you crucified, both Lord and Messiah.
	The Holy Spirit can come, because Jesus died and resurrected. Through him God's promise is fulfilled.
	The people were cut to the heart, then Peter told them to Repent and be baptized. Then they will have forgiveness of sins in the name of Jesus and you will receive the Holy Spirit.
	Remorse vs Repent: Remorse - no action done,  Repent - turn back to God.
	Baptism shows commitment and faith in Jesus.
	3,000 were added to their numbers that day.

1st Part - God's promise to send his Holy Spirit has come true

2nd Part - God has made Jesus Lord and savior. Can be seen from Peter's sermon. Everyone must repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins.

We're not alone, the Holy Spirit helps us.

God will forgive EVERYONE who repents

Holy Spirit helps us to keep trusting and obeying Jesus.

Ask: How has God, through the Holy Spirit, changed a part of you and how can you rely on God and the Holy Spirit to continue changing you.

Drive the importance and the heart and we should be thankful for the Holy Spirit.

As 2nd Gen Christians we may not experience the cut to the heart.

